hello dear viewers and welcome to garden
Zero bowl presents
prune lavender in spring
normally around the end of March
mid- April the lavender must
be pruned all the way back after it
trim in the late summer and autumn
the bottom of the bush is good to see
then small buttons present that
once as a more light in the tailbone
comes running out and provide a
new plot
roughly at fist level, that is
about ten and fifteen centimeters the
leftovers of winter be cut
so that the light is good inside the fight
can come
you can do that like i do here
thanks for twig with the secateurs
are neatly controlled take away
of course you can also do something by hand
grab larger breasts and whatever
faster
take everything back a great way if
it for one two or a few plants
you have more plants is it
maybe easy to get the hedge trimmer
to use
and as soon as you are more certain of yourself
matter
and know that you can get the right height
determine
it goes my too harris go there of course
a lot faster
they gave us the last picking away
becomes the last mess from bush
achieved
old leaves sometimes make out paper or plastic
In the winter months get what has been initiated
you well away so the sun and the light
well into the fight
all the small buttons that are present
will definitely grow into one
nice compact new shrub and so new
shrub you will also in the summer months
excellent flowering important do it
prune by mid April at the latest
the chance of flowering is less in the
summer and pruning farther there is
of course, possibilities to substantially 10 still
cause damage
so far thanks for watching and see you soon
see you at taino dot com